well it's week 8 of the LCS I'm joined
right now by doublelift who I just
celebrated our anniversary
you know yesterday but you weren't there
yeah only you remembered our anniversary
I forgot but then I saw the tweet and I
was appreciative so I give it a like oh
thank you not a retweet not even a reply
okay well okay six years six years a lot
of time why we're doing an interview
right now six years
give me out of here okay and that's the
interview uh-uh no okay one that I had a
real reason for wanting to talk to you
which is we did an interview a couple
weeks ago and you were incredibly
skeptical about this patch and now you
have competed on it and played on it and
scrimped on it what's the verdict uh
yeah I pretty much knew we were gonna
blow it it's a hard patch to adapt to
and I think after all the changes to
like all the iterations there's a lot of
hot fixes for example like dust plague
on nerves and there's just a lot of
small tweaks that happens it's fine it's
just like I think the bottom line meta
is a little bit more stale right now cuz
like it's in my opinion was really
diverse before and now there's probably
going to be a lot less inclination to
play champions that I don't want to name
which because they would give away that
I don't play them but I think like the
bottom line pools are a little bit more
tight and I don't really understand I
change because I liked when you could
pick different things there's niche
champions that like each player had to
be able to pull out and then now it's
like in soloqueue
the snowball is really hard I think
games end really quickly in soloqueue
and there's not a lot of chance to come
back and I personally don't like that
because when I play so lucky I want good
practice and I don't want to play
against an extremely fed champion who's
who's building lethality that's just a
pure soul akyuu thing you could be the
extremely fit champion who's building
lethality yeah that's true
I could either use it and try to sell
really hard or get abused by it on the
flip side though I guess there is a
bright side worth building lethality
where if you fall behind then you are
useless yourself so yeah whatever I'm
like mixed about it now
think they did a good job hot fixing one
was Opie I'm just kind of sad about the
state of ballin being I think where's
Nicole
I was going to ask you one of the
thoughts I had was to talk to you about
what ad carries you think are strong
right now sounds like you want to keep
that a secret yeah I think a lot of
teams are having trouble figuring out
what's good and in that regard since
last week we took a big beating by like
Dignitas and then we had struggle
against echo fox we I think we figured
out a really good stuffed rescue really
good information and champions and stuff
so we don't want to go to the Lakers
today we just to outfly quest we didn't
give away too much and hopefully we'll
be able to close out the rest of the
season 3-0 and make first presumably the
champions you play today are good
presumably yeah presumably you might be
playing bad champions with 235 it's
really standard I was playing Varys and
Gayle and they're pretty neutral so yeah
now what do you think what do you think
about doc leaving CLG and going to Team
Liquid all I should stay in dude I mean
I made a I made a pretty dank maymay on
Twitter about you know maybe you saw
Team Liquid picking up who knee faker
peanut bang and wolf but yeah I think TL
is I don't really know what the fuck
they're doing honestly I think I think
they had a pretty good swing last week
they went 2-0 with goals and glue like
alright dude you know the team morale
must be good
maybe now like these will be more
constructive because when you're in a
losing environment things maybe they're
a little bit more up in the air you
don't know which direction to proceed
and then like they've got a good weekend
alright like next week a'practice is
going to be great they like they like
sign three players I don't really know
what's going on I think from maybe from
the works perspective they're trying to
like walk down talent for the Academy
team or just to expand the roster for
the long term but in my opinion that's a
big hit to the actual roster like the
starting roster because you have to
start switching scrims out you have to
start considering like oh if this person
played badly today maybe we should just
sub in this other person that we have
you know where previously it's like
let's just work through it let's just
play with our roster and figure out how
to fix our problems like you sub in
another player you might encounter that
like he has his strengths which you
enjoy playing with and you also has
weaknesses that you don't know about
until you practice for like two days or
you go on stage
so I don't know this whole direct thing
is it's pretty funny to me I just I
don't know I don't think grand over it
was the problem I played with reignover
personally and I think it's a great play
so you think signing players at the end
of a split when the team is doing really
well is a way to disrupt the roster I
mean I feel like that wait wasn't there
another roster announcement this past
week or so
oh that's just for our sub though that's
different I mean like they're actually
actively using dart out the literally
the weekend after they sign I thought
you're going to allude to the fact that
towards the end of the split team one
could sign me and they'd all right
whatever
but that it but I mean I know those are
the same situation I think kills got a
lot of money that's that's my conclusion
they got a lot of cash paid by Steve ok
bye Steve this interview paid by Steve
interview actually LCS just in general
yeah paid by Steve eSports is just one
big want money laundering for Steve's
would be what does he look like what's
the money where's he getting the money
from what does he need to launder it
from I don't know actually that's a good
question we need to dive deeper into
this ESPN article investigative article
maybe it'll hit soon who knows what's
actually happening dude be in pub side
story me and Pope we're like 15 years
old I think public safety and I was
probably like 17 we went in I am New
York this was like six years ago with
Steve Steve was my support I mean we
played at that tournament and then we
were like really hungry after the
tournament because they didn't provide
food back then and we're like him we're
hella hungry but we're both broke so I
met Steve whips out his credit card he's
like guys I got a fat bonus for my
company this quarter we're like you get
quarterly bonuses us he's so successful
he's like yeah whatever I'll take us all
out to eat and then yeah we bonded we
bonded over that moment we see I still
bring that up because Steve didn't have
to pay for our meal he was just so nice
he's like let's go get pizza and we're
like little kids like yeah Pizza yeah so
you bonded over him just buying you
stuff well yeah he was our sugar daddy
you know me and pay by Steve I it's
funny I was talking to Andy upstairs and
there's another Steve story that I
really appreciate maybe we'll talk about
it since it's just our anniversary when
you came into my room
and in the first department we lived in
and you're like Travis I have to kick
Steve I don't know how to do this shit
oh yeah that was that was a good story
too okay so Steve was really bad this
was a he was a he was a nice guy but
he's bad player and we were wondering I
don't refer get with who actually but
anyways I had to kick him and it was
unbent Rilla back then it was not we
didn't live in gaming houses is all
online so I was like before this big
turn moans like Steve you know I got to
talk to you I pull them into this other
private Ventrilo Channel and I was like
eh
I don't know how to say this and I'm
really sorry and I hope you don't get
mad at me but we don't want to play with
you for this tournament we want to play
with this other person and then see was
like oh yeah it's really cool you know
if you guys need anything any sort of
advice or help I'm still going to be
there when supporting you guys and like
if you need me as a sub I'm definitely
down or like if not it's totally fine
and I was like oh my god like I was so
nervous over this thing II took it so
well Steve has always been like really
mature person so I'm sure he's got too
much what's the best interest at heart I
don't want to shoot on him too hard but
the dark thing is pretty Mimi well I
will keep we'll keep this one short is
there anything that you want to say to
any of the TSM fans out there uh thank
you guys for supporting us it's the end
of the split and we're hoping that we go
first place and first place at the end
the regular split whatever will forget
top two it's good enough but uh yeah
thanks out to always sponsors we get a
lot and pay bye Steve you check out the
rest of our coverage here on paid bye
Steve the YouTube channel you might not
know this but doublelift actually still
charges me for every interview that I do
with them five thousand dollars when I
was working at a major media company
this wasn't an issue but it is now so if
you want to help me out with this you
can run up for - Travis cafard comm
slash support it feels weird to having
Bonnie not here
oh yeah Kaseem easily yeah yeah yeah and
like normally like oh come on shit with
games will finish and I'd go hang out
with Bonnie and we get food and then
we'd show up and then whatever
you're the focus Center you some focus
next what your master to be back all
right well that's what you guys are into
some weird roleplay shit I don't mask
Ketchum get people to okay